I'm not sure. I'm afraid we need to use... MATH.
In your time, yes, but nowadays ...shut up! Besides, these are adult stem cells, harvested from perfectly healthy adults whom I killed for their stem cells.
Nothing is impossible! Not if you believe in it. That's what being a scientist is all about!
And so we say goodbye to our beloved pet, Nibbler, who's gone to a place where I, too, hope one day to go. The toilet.
Oh, I don't have time for this. I have to go and buy a single piece of fruit with a coupon and then return it, making people wait behind me while I complain.
Oh, I always feared he might run off like this. Why, why, why didn't I break his legs?
It worked! Eat it, everyone who's never won a Nobel's Prize! And that includes you, Amy!
Monkeys aren't donkeys. Quit messing with my head!
No fair! You changed the outcome by measuring it!
That's because then Mars was an uninhabitable wasteland, much like Utah. But unlike Utah, Mars was eventually made livable when the university was founded in 2636.
I don't want to live on this planet anymore.
I hate these nerds! Just because I'm stupider than them, they think they're smarter than me!
Everyone's always in favor of saving Hitler's brain, but when you put it in the body of a great white shark, oh, suddenly you've gone too far!
With my last breath, I curse Zoidberg!
Nothing's the matter, Fry, now that I've turbocharged the matter compressor.
Hail science!
Remember, we've got to show these people we're not bitter husks of human beings who long ago abandoned hope of finding love in this lifetime. Leela, you're going to have to do some acting.
Good news, everyone! We'll be making a delivery to Stumbos-4, a planet with such high gravity that you'll most likely be crushed under the weight of our own hair. Enjoy!
I can, but that's because I'm not a penniless hippie.
Who likes good news? Everyone?
Your mouth just wrote a PayPal request transfer that your butt has insufficient funds to honor.
They say madness runs in our family. Because I dared to dream of my own race of atomic monsters. Atomic super men with octagonal shaped bodies that sucked blood out of...
Good news, everyone! Someone's home is on fire.
Sold your body? Oh, Bender. I've been down that road. I know it glamorous and the parties are great. But you'll end up spending every dollar you make on jewelry and skin tight pants.
Well then good news! It's a suppository.
Bad news, nobody! The supercollider super-exploded. I need you to take it back and exchange it for a wobbly CD rack and some of those rancid meatballs.
Be careful, Fry! And if you kill anyone, make sure to eat their heart. To gain their courage. Their rich, tasty courage.
Good news everyone! There's a report on the TV with some very bad news!
You look beautiful. Incidentally, my favorite artist is Picasso.
If anyone needs me I'll be in the Angry Dome.
I still don't understand why you wouldn't let me graft a laser canon on your chest to crush those who disobey you.
These old doomsday devices are dangerously unstable. I'll rest easier not knowing where they are.
It's the Apocalypse all right. I always thought I'd have a hand in it.
Good news, everyone! I've taught the toaster to feel love.
Good news, everyone! Tomorrow you'll be making a delivery to Ebola 9, the virus planet.
Good news, everyone! Today you'll be delivering a crate of subpoenas to Sicily 8, the Mob Planet!
Good news everyone! Several years ago I tried to log on to AOL, and it just went through! Wheee! We're online!
Good news everyone, the university is bringing me up on disciplinary charges! Wait, that's not good news at all!
Good news everyone, I'm still technically alive! Yes! But I need to you to dispose of this crazy ass experiment that almost killed me. You'll have to throw it into the sun itself, for only the thermonuclear inferno of the sun has enough energy to ensure its total destruction!
Good news, everyone! Those asinine morons who cancelled us were themselves fired for incompetence.